- object
wall object
sky object
floor object
tree object
building object
person object
ceiling object
table object
window object
road object
grass object
chair object
car object
plant object
painting object
door object
sidewalk object
light object
cabinet object
signboard object
lamp object
ground object
curtain object
pole object
mountain object
fence object
streetlight object
bed object
sofa object
box object
earth object
shelf object
bottle object
cushion object
water object
book object
flower object
carpet object
mirror object
vase object
flowerpot object
sink object
dog object
armchair object
rock object
wall socket object
sconce object
pillow object
cat object
step object
pot object
plate object
railing object
clock object
bag object
column object
bicycle object
cloth object
coffee table object
ashcan object
spotlight object
bench object
boat object
basket object
work surface object
bowl object
desk object
airplane object
bird object
house object
plaything object
sea object
paper object
television object
chandelier object
cup object
pottedplant object
path object
switch object
stairway object
van object
stove object
truck object
awning object
chest of drawers object
traffic light object
seat object
poster object
glass object
flag object
telephone object
fireplace object
rope object
towel object
monitor object
bucket object
bush object
stool object
field object
tray object
bannister object
trade name object
wood object
fan object
horse object
motorbike object
base object
train object
bathtub object
toilet object
refrigerator object
counter object
wardrobe object
food object
candlestick object
blind object
computer object
board object
palm object
bus object
track object
microwave object
sand object
sculpture object
fluorescent object
countertop object
swivel chair object
snow object
river object
air conditioner object
ottoman object
jar object
stair object
pack object
bridge object
skyscraper object
minibike object
loudspeaker object
figurine object
can object
sheep object
cow object
bookcase object
bedclothes object
exhaust hood object
hill object
napkin object
doorframe object
umbrella object
manhole object
case object
container object
coach object
dishwasher object
text object
knife object
crt screen object
magazine object
curb object
oven object
monitoring device object
gate object
blanket object
radiator object
platform object
central reservation object
bulletin board object
laptop object
shoe object
pool table object
metal object
fruit object
keyboard object
coffee maker object
candle object
faucet object
pipe object
handbag object
wineglass object
mug object
wire object
apparel object
land object
pitcher object
remote control object
bar object
grill object
ball object
backpack object
grandstand object
beam object
pane object
fork object
hedge object
notebook object
toilet tissue object
parking meter object
pen object
fireplug object
screen door object
brush object
heater object
booklet object
kitchen island object
tower object
ladder object
hat object
shower object
soap dispenser object
spoon object
post object
antenna object
buffet object
kettle object
traveling bag object
stage object
printer object
teapot object
chest object
embankment object
rack object
document object
crane object
mouse object
silver screen object
animal object
pier object
post box object
rod object
vent object
console table object
camera object
statue object
jacket object
dishrag object
microphone object
fountain object
paper towel object
pool ball object
washer object
mouse pad object
partition object
banner object
tent object
runway object
towel rack object
hanger object
guitar object
place mat object
system object
ashtray object
soap object
cue object
booth object
deck chair object
bouquet object
waterfall object
dirt track object
vending machine object
eyeglass object
drawer object
saddle object
canister object
helmet object
hovel object
shutter object
telephone booth object
shirt object
cradle object
candelabrum object
tank object
toaster object
traffic cone object
soap dish object
arcade machine object
machine object
net object
easel object
cart object
skylight object
cross object
newspaper object
canopy object
barrel object
smoke object
footbridge object
wheel object
baby buggy object
fire extinguisher object
shower stall object
swimming pool object
sales booth object
scaffolding object
fridge object
patty object
altar object
streetcar object
decoration object
tapestry object
trouser object
billboard object
file cabinet object
cap object
bread object
cage object
hot tub object
drawing object
saucepan object
piano object
dish object
conveyer belt object
arcade object
equipment object
trunk object
cd object
court object
blackboard object
lake object
ship object
railroad train object
lighthouse object
bus stop object
exhibitor object
jersey object
plinth object
fabric object
projector object
forecourt object
eiderdown object
mat object
cash register object
calendar object
briefcase object
stick object
chimney object
brick material
cardboard material
carpet material
ceramic material
fabric material
foliage material
food material
fur material
glass material
hair material
laminate material
leather material
metal material
mirror material
painted material
paper material
plastic material
polished stone material
rubber material
skin material
stone material
tile material
wallpaper material
wicker material
wood material
cloud part
roof part
balcony part
shop window part
metal shutter part
dormer part
entrance part
dome part
balustrade part
garage door part
fire escape part
grille part
arcades part
terrace part
leg part
head part
torso part
arm part
eye part
ear part
nose part
neck part
hand part
hair part
mouth part
foot part
eyebrow part
back part